# aliyun-authentication-typeA

## Description
This solution provided by Goclouds Data is designed to achieve ALIYUN CDN authentication. 
Link: https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/85113.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.6.632.3c4039dcoahtbQ

## About Goclouds Data
Goclouds Data is committed to improving the efficiency, flexibility and controllability of enterprise IT architecture. It is a high-tech enterprise focusing on the migration, operation and maintenance and software development of public and hybrid cloud platforms. We want to bring the cloud to every business.
Goclouds Data provided professional cloud computing related technical consulting, training, cloud operation and maintenance and cloud optimization services to many of the world's top 500 companies and startups. Professional operation and maintenance team ensures data security, realizes effective migration and seamless switch.
https://www.goclouds.cn/

## Deployment

The Serverless Application Model Command Line Interface (SAM CLI) is an extension of the AWS CLI that adds functionality for building and testing Lambda applications. It uses Docker to run your functions in an Amazon Linux environment that matches Lambda. It can also emulate your application's build environment and API.

To use the SAM CLI, you need the following tools.

* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)
* Node.js - [Install Node.js 10](https://nodejs.org/en/), including the NPM package management tool.
* Docker - [Install Docker community edition](https://hub.docker.com/search/?type=edition&offering=community)

To build and deploy your application for the first time, run the following in your shell:

```bash
sam build
sam deploy --guided
```

The first command will build the source of your application. The second command will package and deploy your application to AWS, with a series of prompts:

* **Stack Name**: The name of the stack to deploy to CloudFormation. This should be unique to your account and region, and a good starting point would be something matching your project name.
* **AWS Region**: The AWS region you want to deploy your app to.
* **Confirm changes before deploy**: If set to yes, any change sets will be shown to you before execution for manual review. If set to no, the AWS SAM CLI will automatically deploy application changes.
* **Allow SAM CLI IAM role creation**: Many AWS SAM templates, including this example, create AWS IAM roles required for the AWS Lambda function(s) included to access AWS services. By default, these are scoped down to minimum required permissions. To deploy an AWS CloudFormation stack which creates or modifies IAM roles, the `CAPABILITY_IAM` value for `capabilities` must be provided. If permission isn't provided through this prompt, to deploy this example you must explicitly pass `--capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM` to the `sam deploy` command.
* **Save arguments to samconfig.toml**: If set to yes, your choices will be saved to a configuration file inside the project, so that in the future you can just re-run `sam deploy` without parameters to deploy changes to your application.

You can find your API Gateway Endpoint URL in the output values displayed after deployment.

## Use the SAM CLI to build and test locally

Build your application with the `sam build` command.

```bash
aliyun-authentication-typeA$ sam build
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `authentication-with-aliyun-cdn-typeA/package.json`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

Test a single function by invoking it directly with a test event. An event is a JSON document that represents the input that the function receives from the event source. Test events are included in the `events` folder in this project.

Run functions locally and invoke them with the `sam local invoke` command.

```bash
aliyun-authentication-typeA$ sam local invoke aliyun-authentication-typeA --event events/event.json
```


## Add a resource to your application
The application template uses AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) to define application resources. AWS SAM is an extension of AWS CloudFormation with a simpler syntax for configuring common serverless application resources such as functions, triggers, and APIs. For resources not included in [the SAM specification](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model/blob/master/versions/2016-10-31.md), you can use standard [AWS CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-template-resource-type-ref.html) resource types.

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
aliyun-authentication-typeA$ sam logs -n HelloWorldFunction --stack-name aliyun-authentication-typeA --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Tests

Tests are defined in the `authentication-with-aliyun-cdn-typeA/tests` folder in this project. Use NPM to install the [Mocha test framework](https://mochajs.org/) and run tests.

```bash
aliyun-authentication-typeA$ cd authentication-with-aliyun-cdn-typeA
authentication-with-aliyun-cdn-typeA$ npm install
# Unit test
authentication-with-aliyun-cdn-typeA$ npm run test
# Integration test, requiring deploying the stack first.
# Create the env variable AWS_SAM_STACK_NAME with the name of the stack we are testing
authentication-with-aliyun-cdn-typeA$ AWS_SAM_STACK_NAME=<stack-name> npm run integ-test
```

## Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name aliyun-authentication-typeA
```

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.

Next, you can use AWS Serverless Application Repository to deploy ready to use Apps that go beyond hello world samples and learn how authors developed their applications: [AWS Serverless Application Repository main page](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/)
